Write pgg examples (#31)
HarryFosterCU/Exact-Analysis-of-Heterogeneous-Moran-Processes-in-Climate-Cooperation: tex/main.tex

\section{Introduction}

\section{Literature Review}

> Evolutionary game theory has long been at the forefront of the study of emergent cooperation, showing how a strategy that is seemingly unfavourable for the individual, but beneficial to the collective, can become dominant in systems of rational actors. This is often shown through the study of games such as the iterated prisoner's dilemma\cite{IPD1,IPD2} and the snowdrift game\cite{Snowdrift1}. These examples, however, only allow for pairwise interactions, which does not accurately represent many real-world scenarios. Therefore, we look at a common game used to model the sharing of resources and interactions between multiple people - the public goods game.\\

Reviewer: So I'm about to make a super simple suggestion which is just to add a blank line. But because of the huge single line paragraph it will be a complicated diff.

You can set this in VS code so that it will automatically restrict line lengths to a number (80 is common, arguably 120 is fine: short is good -- it makes diffs clearer).

In both of the above cases, it is shown that an increased scrutiny of heterogeneous attributes in a spatial public goods game is beneficial to the emergence of cooperation, though for different reasons. In \cite{Maa}, we see that increasing such scrutiny obviously harms defectors, as they receive reduced payoffs based on their low reputation due to being unable to coerce high contributions from other players. \cite{Lei}, however, finds that if we encourage players to cooperate with those in a similar number of games to them, the high-degree defector nodes are unable to gather a large payoff, and so will be unable to spread their defection to their neighbours. If you encourage players to interact with those with different degrees, however, then middle-degree defectors will make heavy losses and be unable to survive.\\

> \cite{Flores} shows how the benefits of this heterogeneity are not always as pronounced as it may seem. When the contribution is not calculated by some attribute, but rather is an attribute in and of itself (essentially becoming a new strategy) then even in systems where contribution dominates, we will see low-value contributions act as a sort of defection against the most globally beneficial strategies. Therefore, we can see that the emergence of cooperation is not the end of the story in some cases, and we must look at what sort of cooperation it is that we have fostered the emergence of.\\

Reviewer: I found this paragraph a bit vague. Can you rewrite it?

This model allows for heterogeneity as we have a fitness function dependent on the individual, not dependent on the action taken. Therefore, we can give different individuals of the same action type a different fitness by passing different attributes to the fitness function itself. We will see examples of this in future sections.\\

As this forms a Markov chain, we can therefore define a transition matrix \(T\) for any given state space. This can be used to show the transition probabilities between any two given states, and therefore can be used to find the fixation probabilities for any given starting state by the following method:\\

> Given a transition matrix \(T\), we can calculate the state distribution after \(k\) iterations of the Moran process using the formula \(T^k\)  \cite{Markov_Chain}. Therefore, as \(k \to \infty\), we will clearly acquire a distribution that tends towards the absorption probabilities for a given starting state, as the process will stabilise only if we enter an absorbing state (while subsets of \(S\) of states may have extremely high probabilities of transitioning to each other, the only way to have certainty of not transitioning away from a state or pair of states is to be in one of the previously defined absorbing states.)\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a transition matrix \(T\), we can calculate the state distribution after \(k\) iterations of the Moran process using the formula \(T^k\)~\cite{Markov_Chain}. Therefore, as \(k \to \infty\), we will clearly acquire a distribution that tends towards the absorption probabilities for a given starting state, as the process will stabilise only if we enter an absorbing state (while subsets of \(S\) of states may have extremely high probabilities of transitioning to each other, the only way to have certainty of not transitioning away from a state or pair of states is to be in one of the previously defined absorbing states.)\\
```

Always include a `~` to denote the whitespace before a `cite` or a `ref`.

Thus, our absorption probabilities starting at are given by the non-zero entries in the matrix \(\lim_{k \to \infty} T^k\)

> \section{A Classic Public Goods Game}

Reviewer: I think instead of classic we should use homogeneous...

\subsection{The Standard Model}

In this section, we shall see how this model can be applied to the classical public goods game. In this game, individuals choose whether or not to contribute to a public resource pool. In the end, the total resource is multiplied by some factor \(r > 1\) and distributed equally between each player. This model often encourages a behaviour known as ``free-riding" \cite{Climate Clubs}, where players refuse to contribute to the pool and simply take the benefit provided by other individuals' contribution. The classic problem of a public goods game is to provide an environment where such free-riding is not a profitable strategy - or rather, is less profitable than contributing to the public good.\\

In our model, we can simulate a public goods game by providing the following payoff function:\\
\begin{large}
\begin{equation}
    B(v_i) = \frac{r\sum_{j=1}^N{C_{v_j}}}{N} - C_{v_i}
\end{equation}

> \end{large}\\

Reviewer: Remove all `large` calls (don't mess around with fonts, when it's prepared for publications that's controlled elsewhere).

(where \(C_{v_j}\) is the contribution by individual j.) 

In the homogeneous public goods game, we can see that \(C_{v_j}\) can only take one of two values: some constant \(\alpha \) if individual j cooperates, and 0 if not. However, the heterogeneous game will require a more tailored \(C_{v_j}\).\\

> Now, \(B(v_j)\) can give us negative values. This can cause issues in our model as there is the potential for \(p_{v,u}\) to be negative for some states if we took \(B\) as our fitness function. Therefore, we must look at some transformation of \(B\) to use as our fitness function.\\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that \(B(v_j)\) can be negative which would then not lead to sensible probability values as needed in~\ref{eqn:<label_equation>}. % TODO Label and reference equation for selection in general model.
Therefore, we must look at some transformation of \(B\) to use as our fitness function.\\
```

> A common method \cite{Nowak 2006} for this is to apply the exponential function to our payoff function. By using \(e^{\kappa B}\) as our fitness function, we do indeed guarantee ourselves a positive function, however other problems arrive. If we look at the formula for \(B(v_j)\), and consider the transition probability:

Reviewer: Broken citation key.

```suggestion
A common method \cite{Nowak 2006} for this is to apply the exponential function to our payoff function. By using \(e^{\kappa B}\) as our fitness function we will have positive values, however this particular approach  gives:
```
